Thousand sticky tubes, don’t worry, I won’t fall behind.
However, this Lou Weichen is fake.
I'm just talking about the Ye family, Jiangdong City A,
How is it possible to come home now?
Fake? Ye family,
Jiangdong is a good place, how could it be turned into a fake one?
It looks like you are the one who is fake, right?
Going up the mountain, there are some people here,
If you keep pretending for too long, you will become the leader.
He even thinks that he is the king of heaven, but he doesn’t think that
How adults are fake.
Yes, go up the mountain and don’t find out,
You, the queen of heaven, choose me,
From now on you
But it’s your old man who takes care of your mother.
This is the rim
Mr. Luo from Bed Palace is here.
Go ahead and say a few words, just in case
Try again
Sir, I'm tired of you
We also arrived at the front at that time
Don't say he is a fake Luo Zincong
It’s the real Luo Zongyi
Once again, we have to decide
I think I don’t know you yet
Have everyone divided up on stage?
It’s really windy, grandma
We have to find a relationship with him
This is what you are saying in front of Mr. Luo and Mr. Luo.
Just cut the face
They're not going to be fine either, so let's go
You change yourself
He didn't even pay attention to the big shot who jumped to the phone.
we eat now
You have nothing to do with my tomb family.
If you change together in the end
For my grave, my family will live for a thousand years
from now on
You also meet with my tomb family
It doesn't matter for ten thousand years
It's tens of millions for you to leave him quickly
let's go
They all regard him as a scapegoat.
He and I were married
Here comes the book
You can never really run away from him